Hello ABR Market Watch viewers, let's do
today's market action. India's equity
benchmarks are set to kick off moderately as
investors gauge US inflation and keep a
close eye on corporate earnings and
trade talks with the US. The Nifty is expected
to open near Tuesday's close of 25195.8
points. Key players like Tech
Mahindra, LAT Technology Services and
Angel One will unveil their cue to
earnings today. While foreign portfolio
investors ended a two-session selling
streak yesterday with the $4 million dollar
purchase,
domestic institutional investors have been
consistently buying stocks for the
seventh day in a row. Meanwhile, new
earnings reports are due from HDFC
Life, HDB Financial, ICICI Lombard
and MTNL, which recently defaulted on
loans from public sector banks. We are
keeping an eye out for stung group policy
demand at HDFC Life potentially.  Boosting
profits A possible dip in HDB
financials quarterly profit due to
increasing bad loan provisions and an
anticipated rise in ICICI Lobs
profits thanks to increased retail health
premium income Don't forget the
Steel Day sale offers with discounts of up to
80% Ending soon Stay tuned for more
updates and insights as the market
unfolds Remember knowledge is your greatest
tool in navigating the markets